Hello and welcome I am Raghav from automation
step by step dotcom and in this session and
in this series we are going to go very basic
step by step and we're going to learn karate
API testing Framework so in this session we
are going to go very basic from scratch and
we will learn what is Karate what are the
features of karate and then we will see the
project setup and how to create the very first
test in Karate so this is going to be very
easy and very interesting let us start with
what is karate karate is open source tool
or open source platform for API testing and
we can test both soap and rest API using Karate
it is written in Java and we can do API mocking
UI testing and performance testing of the
API is as well using karate and its uses BD
Sintex so we are going to use the behaviour
driven development Syntax and we are going
to use the feature files and the scenarios
in Karate now just in case you are completely
new to be didi and want to understand exactly
what is bdd from scratch you can go on my
website that is automation step by step dotcom
and here you will find a topic and the section
on basics of BD and this will take you to
my YouTube playlist where you will see all
the beginners video for BD frequency hear
what is BD with examples how did you work
how did you started what is haircon how did
it starts in an organisation and a complete
workflow of BD so you can watch that and this
is what we are going to use the BD Sintex
in karate karate was created by Peter Thomas
in 2017 so with this very basic knowledge
that is see some awesome features of karate
so this is very easy for non programmers All
The Karate is written in Java but for implementation
we are going to use Beat It is Intex using
Jharkhand language which is which is very
Plain English type of language and I will
show you how exactly do that so it is very
easy even if you have no program in background
it is written in Java but implemented using
bdd style and it requires no technical programming
language should not worry if you are a completely
new to coding or you do not have any programming
background you can still work with Karate
between two parallel testing as well as distributed
testing in Karate is so parallel testing is
when we can run multiple test cases at once
in parallel and distributed testing is when
we can run our test cases on multiple platforms
or from multiple systems we can do multi environment
testing we can set up multiple environments
and then do our testing and then we can also
get our data from external files like csv
Jaise on gem Electra there are very good features
of debugging and multiple reporting features
in Karate and we can do cross browser web
UI testing as well as clock cross-platform
desktop testing using Karate portable start
the setup of power project in case you have
any questions any doubts related to this session
you can let me know and I will try to answer
your as soon as I can and then we will move
on to the next topic so I hope this was useful
and now we will move to the prerequisites
and setup for karate